In a while, I have to say that I am the Sword Master of Kowloon Hall
Hahaha
Mr. Jiang's opportunity has come
What do you mean?
Tang Aoxue, that stupid woman
You want to cancel Jianzun's marriage?
Pardon me?
They all think
Jianzun is just an ordinary fried powder seller.
Dislike him
Tang Aoxue actually wants to withdraw from Jianzun's marriage on the spot
Then marry Jianzun
Are you serious?
I've been watching inside all the time
Now I can be absolutely sure
The sarcastic Mr. Li who looks like a gambler
It is the sword master of the long-lost hall
How can you be so sure?
Because under the attack of that group of people
Mr. Li is calm
But you have the kind of Tarzan apartment
An aura that appears without changing its face
I've never been with a man
Hear this wind and rain
Light explanation
Great. Call me right away
Prepare the most grand waiting party
I want to propose to Mr. Jian Zun